TSH-18123: Enable UDS for coprocessor using HttpClientService (copy #8389) (#8825)
apollographql/router: examples/coprocessor-unix-socket/README.md

# Coprocessor Unix Domain Socket Example

> This example demonstrates how to configure the Apollo Router to communicate with a coprocessor using Unix Domain Sockets (UDS) instead of HTTP. UDS provides lower latency and reduced overhead compared to HTTP networking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to configure the Apollo Router to communicate with a coprocessor using Unix Domain Sockets (UDS) instead of HTTP. UDS provides lower latency and reduced overhead compared to the TCP/IP network stack.
```

## Benefits of Unix Domain Sockets

- **Lower Latency**: Eliminates TCP/IP stack overhead for local communication
- **Reduced Resource Usage**: No network layer processing required
- **Enhanced Security**: Communication occurs through filesystem permissions
- **Better Performance**: Direct kernel-level IPC mechanism

## Configuration

Configure your router to use a Unix socket URL:

```yaml
coprocessor:
  url: unix:///tmp/coprocessor.sock
  router:
    request:
      headers: true
      context: true
  supergraph:
    response:
      body: true
```

## URL Format

The router supports three URL schemes for coprocessors:

- **HTTP**: `http://localhost:8080/coprocessor`
- **HTTPS**: `https://coprocessor.example.com:8443/webhook`

> - **Unix Domain Socket**: `unix:///path/to/socket.sock`

Reviewer: should the `?path=` be mentioned here

Reviewer 2: yessir

**Note:** Unix socket paths must be absolute (starting with `/`). The URL format is `unix://` followed by the absolute path, resulting in three slashes for root paths: `unix:///var/run/coprocessor.sock`.

## Coprocessor Implementation

Your coprocessor must listen on the specified Unix socket path. Here's a Node.js example:

```javascript
const http = require('http');
const fs = require('fs');

const SOCKET_PATH = '/tmp/coprocessor.sock';

// Remove existing socket file if it exists
if (fs.existsSync(SOCKET_PATH)) {
  fs.unlinkSync(SOCKET_PATH);
}

const server = http.createServer((req, res) => {
  // Handle coprocessor requests
  res.writeHead(200, { 'Content-Type': 'application/json' });
  res.end(JSON.stringify({ version: 1, stage: req.body?.stage }));
});

server.listen(SOCKET_PATH, () => {
  console.log(`Coprocessor listening on unix socket: ${SOCKET_PATH}`);

  // Set appropriate permissions
  fs.chmodSync(SOCKET_PATH, 0o666);
});
```

> ## Migration from HTTP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Migration to Unix sockets
```
